en5	Art1	Endothelial	Arterioral Endothelium	Arteriolar Endothelium
en8	Art2	Endothelial	Venular Endothelium	Venular Endothelium
hem1	B	Immune	B Cells	B Cells
hem11	Mast	Immune	Basophils	Mast Cells
ep10	CD	Epithelial	Collecting Duct Principal Cells	Collecting Duct Principal Cells
ep3	CT	Epithelial	Connecting Tubule	Connecting Tubule
ep5	DCT	Epithelial	Distal Convoluted Tubule	Distal Convoluted Tubule
hem4	Den	Immune	Dendritic Cells	Dendritic Cells
ep4	DTL	Epithelial	Descending Thin Limb	Descending Thin Limb
merge1	Fib2	Mesenchymal	Fibroblast	Fibroblast 2
smc6	Fib4	Mesenchymal	Fibroblast	Fibroblast 4
smc1	Fib6	Mesenchymal	Fibroblast	Fibroblast 6
en4	GC	Endothelial	Glomerular Capillaries	Glomerular Capillaries
ep9	IC1	Epithelial	Intercalated Cells	Intercalated Cells B
ep1	IC2	Epithelial	Intercalated Cells	Intercalated Cells A
neu1	IC3	Epithelial	Intercalated Cells	Intercalated Cells 3
neu2	IC4	Epithelial	Intercalated Cells	Intercalated Cells 4
neu3	IC5	Epithelial	Intercalated Cells	Intercalated Cells 5
neu4	IC6	Epithelial	Intercalated Cells	Intercalated Cells 6
neu5	IC7	Epithelial	Intercalated Cells	Intercalated Cells 7
neu6	IC8	Epithelial	Intercalated Cells	Intercalated Cells 8
ep8	iPT	Epithelial	Injured Tubule	Injured Proximal tubule
ep11	URE	Epithelial	Uroethlial Cells	Uroethlial Cells
hem3	MC1	Immune	Macrophages	Macrophages 1
en11	lEn	Endothelial	Lymph Endothelium	Lymph Endothelium
smc4	MF1a	Mesenchymal	Myofibroblast	Myofibroblast 1a
smc7	MF1b	Mesenchymal	Myofibroblast	Myofibroblast 1b
hem10	Mono	Immune	Monocytes	Monocytes
hem2	MC2	Immune	Macrophages	Macrophages 2
hem6	MC3	Immune	Macrophages	Macrophages 3
hem7	NK	Immune	Natural Killer Cells	Natural Killer Cells
hem8	P	Immune	Plasma Cells	Plasma Cells
smc12	Pe1	Mesenchymal	Pericytes	Pericytes 1
smc9	Pe2	Mesenchymal	Pericytes	Pericytes 2
smc2	Podo	Epithelial	Podocytes	Podocytes
ep13	pTub	Epithelial	Proximal Tubule	Proximal Tubule
smc5	Sch	Neuronal	Schwann Cells	Schwann Cells
ep7	TAL1	Epithelial	Thick Ascending Limb	Macula Densa Cells
hem5	T	Immune	T Cells	T Cells
ep12	TAL2	Epithelial	Thick Ascending Limb	Thick Ascending Limb 2
ep2	TAL3	Epithelial	Thick Ascending Limb	Thick Ascending Limb 3
ep6	TAL4	Epithelial	Thick Ascending Limb	Thick Ascending Limb 4
en6	iEn	Endothelial	Injured Endothelium	Injured Endothelial Cells
en9	VR1	Endothelial	Vasa Recta	Vasa Recta 1
en7	VR2	Endothelial	Vasa Recta	Vasa Recta 2
en3	VR3	Endothelial	Vasa Recta	Vasa Recta 3
en2	VR4	Endothelial	Vasa Recta	Vasa Recta 4
en10	VR5	Endothelial	Vasa Recta	Vasa Recta 5
en1	VR6	Endothelial	Vasa Recta	Vasa Recta 6
smc10	vSMC	Mesenchymal	Smooth Muscle Cells	Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells
