en1	GE1	Endothelial	Glomerular Capillaries	Glomerular Capillaries 1
en2	GE2	Endothelial	Glomerular Capillaries	Glomerular Capillaries 2
en3	VEC	Endothelial	Venular Endothelium	Venular Endothelium
en5	AEC2	Endothelial	Arterioles	Arterioles 2
en7	AEC1	Endothelial	Arterioles	Arterioles 1
ep1	IC	Epithelial	Intercalated Cells	Intercalated Cells
ep10	TAL	Epithelial	Thick Ascending Limb	Thick Ascending Limb
ep2	iPT	Epithelial	Injured Proximal Tubule	Injured Proximal Tubule
ep4	Fi6	Mesenchymal	Fibroblasts	Fibroblast 6
ep6	PT	Epithelial	Proximal Tubule	Proximal Tubule
ep7	PC	Epithelial	Prinicipal Cells	Collecting Duct Principal Cells
hem5	DC	Immune	Dendritic Cells	Dendritic Cells
hem6	Mono	Immune	Monocytes	Monocytes
merge1	VR	Endothelial	Vasa Recta	Vasa Recta
merge3	iMono	Immune	Monocytes	Injured Monocytes
smc10	MF3b	Mesenchymal	Myofibroblasts	Myofibroblasts 3b
smc11	Fib4a	Mesenchymal	Fibroblasts	Fibroblasts 4a
smc12	MF2b	Mesenchymal	Myofibroblasts	Myofibroblasts 2b
smc2	Pe2	Mesenchymal	Pericytes	Pericytes
smc3	Fib2	Mesenchymal	Fibroblasts	Fibroblast 2
smc4	Fib4b	Mesenchymal	Fibroblasts	Fibroblasts 4b
smc5	MF1	Mesenchymal	Myofibroblasts	Myofibroblasts 1
smc6	Mesa	Mesenchymal	Mesangial Cells	Mesangial Cells 1
smc7	MF3a	Mesenchymal	Myofibroblasts	Myofibroblasts 3a
smc8	MF2a	Mesenchymal	Myofibroblasts	Myofibroblasts 2a
smc9	vSMC	Mesenchymal	Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells	Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells 2
